(GH-2007)(Docs) Debugging (#2128)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/writing_plans.md

}
```

## Debugging plans

By default, Bolt does not print verbose logs for each plan execution to stdout.
However, you can use one of the following methods to investigate a plan
execution:
- Each time you run a Bolt command, Bolt prints a debug log to a
  `bolt-debug.log` file in the root of your project directory.
- You can use the `--verbose` CLI option for verbose logging to stdout.

> - You can print a parameter to stdout using the `out::message` function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can print to stdout using the `out::message` function. 
```
Only since 'parameter' has specific meaning in plans, and you can print anything with out::message not just plan parameters

- You can adjust your log level for detailed information on how Bolt is
  executing your plan.

### Using `out::message` to debug a plan

> You can print any plan parameter to stdout using the `out::message` function. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can print anything to stdout using the `out::message` function. If
```

Reviewer: I mostly think this is useful because I frequently just print messages like "Got here" or other non-variable data to help debug plans.

Reviewer: Alternatively you might be looking for the word 'variable'?

Author: Ah you're right - I think I meant variable.

`$check_mysql` to stdout.

```puppet
plan website::test(
  TargetSpec $targets
) {
  $check_mysql = run_task('package', $targets, "Check for MySQL", {'action' => 'status', 'name' => 'mysql'})
  out::message($check_mysql)
}
```

The output from this plan looks something like this:

```console
Starting: plan website::test
Starting: Check for MySQL on target0
Finished: Check for MySQL with 0 failures in 0.76 sec
[
  {
    "target": "target0",
    "action": "task",
    "object": "package",
    "status": "success",
    "value": {
      "status": "uninstalled",
      "version": ""
    }
  }
]
Finished: plan website::test in 0.77 sec
Plan completed successfully with no result
```

### Debug logs

Bolt logs additional information about a plan run, including output sent to
standard error (stderr), at the `debug` level. Use the `--log-level debug` CLI
option or the [`log` configuration setting](bolt_project_reference.html#log).

Each time you run a Bolt command, Bolt prints a debug level log to a
`bolt-debug.log` file in the root of your project directory.

```shell
$ bolt task run mytask param1=foo param2=bar -t all --log-level debug
```

> 

Reviewer: I'd maybe add a line about "You can disable this behavior by specifying:
```
log:
  bolt-debug.log: disable
```
in bolt-project.yaml
